Py: update README (#402)
kubeflow/model-registry: clients/python/README.md

## Basic usage

### Connecting to MR

You can connect to a secure Model Registry using the default constructor (recommended):

```py
from model_registry import ModelRegistry

registry = ModelRegistry("https://server-address", author="Ada Lovelace")  # Defaults to a secure connection via port 443
```

> Or you can set the `is_secure` flag to `False` to connect **without** TLS (should be avoided):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can set the `is_secure` flag to `False` to connect **without** TLS (not recommended):
```

```py

> registry = ModelRegistry("http://server-address", 1234, author="Ada Lovelace", is_secure=False)  # insecure port set to 1234

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registry = ModelRegistry("http://server-address", 8080, author="Ada Lovelace", is_secure=False)  # insecure port set to 1234
```

There are caveats to be noted when using this method:

- It's only possible to import a single model file per Hugging Face Hub repo right now.

### Listing models

To list models you can use
```py
for model in registry.get_registered_models():

>     ... # whatever you want here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ... # your logic using `model` loop variable here
```

# and versions associated with a model
for version in registry.get_model_versions("my-model"):

>     ... # whatever you want here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ... # your logic using `version` loop variable here
```
